{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\lang9\b\f0\fs36 EXP2_LED_CHASER\b0\fs22\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b THEORY: \b0\par
Take 1 breadboard, 5 LED\rquote S, 1 Arduino board and 11 wires. Install 5 led\rquote S in breadboard in such a way that their \lquote n\rquote  terminals are connected and \lquote p\rquote  terminals should not be connected. By taking 5 wires connect all \lquote n\rquote  terminals and from there take another wire and connect it to the ground of digital pins in arduino board . Now take another 5 wires and connect to the \lquote p\rquote  terminals of led\rquote S such that every \lquote p\rquote  terminal contain 1 wire. Now take all the 5 wires of \lquote p\rquote  terminal and connect any 5 pins of arduino board. By using cable connect the arduino board to the computer. \par
\b LEARNING AND OBSERVATIONS:\b0\par
After verifying and uploading the code that you have coded we can observe that the led\rquote S starts glowing in such a way that if 1,2 led\rquote S 4 are ON then remaining led\rquote s are OFF and if 2,3 led\rquote S are ON then remaining led\rquote s are OFF and if 3,4 led\rquote S are ON then remaining led\rquote s are OFF and if 4,5 led\rquote S 4are ON then remaining led\rquote s are OFF and if 5,1 led\rquote S are ON then remaining led\rquote s are OFF . It starts working like this.\par
\par
\b PROBLEMS AND TROUBLESHOOTING: \b0\par
You should take care whether the board in the arduino\\uno or not and also selection of port in tools. This is the main problem where we get confusion \par
\b PRECAUTIONS: \b0\par
While installing led\rquote s in bread board we should take care whether the \rquote n\rquote  terminals of led\rquote s connected or not.Here the \lquote n\rquote  terminals should be connected similarly, we should check whether the \lquote p\rquote  terminals are connected or not.In this case \lquote p\rquote  terminals should not be connected . Install the wires properly in both bread board and arduino board.  \par
\b LEARNING OUTCOMES: \b0\par
With this experiment we can learn that how led\rquote s are blinking in such a way that 1,2 & 2,3 & 3,4 & 4,5 & 5,1.These are all the positions at which led\rquote s blinks.This is the step by step process.\par
}
